*4@3
                           Glasgow Amiga User Group*2@1

                           ------------------------@2

                    Minutes of 2nd meeting 14th April 2000@5


Welcome and apologies@1 -@4 15 members present,3 apologies and since there  were
a  lot  of  members  who  were  not present at the first  meeting  everybody
introduced themselves.
@5
Minutes  of  last  meeting@1  -@4  not   available  but  outlined  in  brief  by
spokesperson
@5           
Publicity @1 - @4 Article  for  new Amiga Mag - Robert  to  produce/compile  all
members to send paragraphs/ideas etc to Robert Article for "@2The Ripper@4"  Ian
Fyvie has offered to include something about us in the next "@2Ripper@4"
@5           
Newsletter @1 - @4 Ian  Fyvie has offered to produce the group news/disk  letter
and  a copy of the ripper was shown to the members and was well recieved  It
was decided to definately take Ian up on his kind offer.


@3                                  
             Group@1 -@3     The group fees were decided as follows#1:

@2
                         Full members@1 -@5 £15 per year@2

      Part-time members@1 -@5 £5 per year then £1 for each meeting attended@2

                 Occasional members@1 -@5 £2 per meeting attended


@3
It  was  decided a Group Amiga was a good idea and Jim Merrilees  donated  a
A1200,Neal Michie a Ram card and Duncan Gow an 8m simm for the card.
@5           
Treasurer@1  -@4  A Bank account will be set up for the group.  Sandy  suggested
the Halifax which will be investigated.
@3           
Website  team @1 -@4 The website is progressing nicely and will include  a  page
displaying  the various logos produced to allow members  to  vote  on  their
favorite To allow a main logo to be selected.  Any member wishing to  submit
a logo should send it to Donald.


@3
PR @1 -@4 The advert in the weekly paper produced no results possible due to the
paper  insisting  it  went in the personnal pages instead  of  the  computer
pages.#8
               The following other actions will be undertaken@3

          letter to AA Interactive page@1 -@3 interactive@amigactive.com
                      Free advert in Micromart Magazine
                   A plug for group on ClanFM (@1radio clyde@3)
                      Investigate adverts in Herald etc
                  If free place one Article in new Amiga mag
           


@5          
Trip  to  Kickstart  27/5/00 - this was mentioned with 7  people  interested
Neal will investigate costs etc anyone else interested contact Neal.
@3           
Mailinglist @1 -@4 Spokesperson explained that the mailing list  is  run  as  an
informal  forum  for  exchange of information and if  any  of  your  posting
recieve no acknowledgement its not anyone being rude or ignoring you.


 
@5           
                                     AOB
@3
Flavvy  asked for a volunteer to be an additional keyholder  for  the  venue
non  were forth coming any of the absent members wishing to do this  contact
flavvy.  Sandy suggested we had a constitution,this was agreed and Neal will
provide a draft for editting adapting to@1 G@2A@3U@4G@3.  A date was set for an AGM as
the meeting in November.  Ideas are required for future meetings,  if we can
get  2  or more suitable setups at a meeting a deathmatch/network game night
has  been suggested.  Also Chris Wiles of Netconnect fames has been  Emailed
(@1no  reply yet@3)  to see if he would be a guest speaker at a future  meeting.
Any other ideas to Duncan please.

@5                                            
                  Meetings@1  -@4  Next meeting 5th May 2000
   (@1may start a bit later unless Flavvy gets his additional keyholder@4)
#8
                                -=@1 G.@4A@1.@5U@1.@7G@1.#8=-



